# Vagabond
# Stand.py
Initializes all the servo using the AngularServo method from module GPIOzero. We used the PiGPIOFactory for pin mode conversion (emulating PWM to reduce servo jitter) which requires the PIGPIO daemon to be run in the background. We manually figured out the working stable initialization angles for respective servos. As PIGPIO is run as a daemon, it continues to run in the background and powers the servos to lock them in the said angles.
# Walk.py
Utilizes threading module to manage more than one servo at a time. This file is run only when the active chatbot processes a recognized command that requires to initiate walk. Walk is run independently to avoid any type of error emerging from the fact that two functions are trying to access a single servo. Walk can only be modified by the intelligently designed termination function within the script. If walk processes an OS signal (given to it by the active chatbot when it recognizes any stop command) without immediately terminating itself it will call the termination function to gracefully terminate the walking script so that the robot is not left in an awkward position. It is to be noted that the termination function was written keeping in mind that walk may be interrupted at any moment. Regardless of the position termination function will immediately recognize the state of progress of the walk code and revert or complete the walk as it deems necessary based on the time remaining till the halt.
# Chatbot
The chatbot is called forth the first thing on boot. It engages in conversation with the user. It is a feed-forward neural network trained by reinforcement learning. Additionally, the chatbot oversees and manages all scripts and if a recognized command is heard then it invokes walk.py and communicates with it using OS signals accordingly.
# Other Functionalities
There is also a code for the manipulation of the display of the robot. Unfortunately, it is still being tested and is not deployed to this date.
